Topics:
Financial Consolidation Process, Data Mapping and Adjustment, Currency Conversion, Intercompany Reconciliation

Keywords:
Financial Consolidation, Subsidiaries, Data Mapping, Currency Conversion, Intercompany Transactions, GAAP, IFRS, Consolidated Financial Statements, Minority Interest

Summary:
The document provides an overview of financial consolidation, detailing the complexities and necessary steps involved. Financial consolidation involves collecting, reconciling, aggregating, reviewing, and reporting financial results from various subsidiaries to present a unified organizational performance. The process includes data collection and validation, mapping subsidiary data to a standard chart of accounts, making manual adjustments for compliance with accounting standards, converting currencies, reconciling intercompany data, performing necessary calculations and allocations, and generating consolidated financial statements for reporting purposes.

Contents:
Financial consolidation is the process of collecting, reconciling, aggregating, reviewing, and reporting the financial results of all the subsidiaries in an organization to get a true picture of the performance of the organization as a whole. Often, financial consolidations are difficult due to their complexity. Simply aggregating the results from multiple business entities and subsidiaries would fail because some or all of the following factors pertain to the subordinate units: They operate in different geographic regions, they operate in multiple currencies, they differ in how they treat and present financial data, they differ in how they treat intercompany transactions, they operate under differing regulatory environments, and they have timing differences. In this situation, various adjustments need to be made to the data in a way that is both consistent and transparent so that reviewers can understand the changes.

Performing a financial consolidation typically involves several phases that must be completed in a particular order. At a high level, the consolidation process requires the following steps: 
1. Collect and validate the data – Collect approved financial data from all subsidiaries in the group.
2. Map the data – Subsidiaries often use a chart of accounts, fiscal calendars, and reporting methods that differ from the parent organization. These unique accounts must be mapped to a standard chart of accounts that represents the entire organization. The mapping is usually never one-to-one because multiple accounts in the subsidiary are often mapped to a single account in the parent.
3. Manually adjust data – Subsidiaries operating in jurisdictions outside that of the parent organization may follow different accounting rules, resulting in a non-standard classification of certain financial items. For this reason, it may be necessary to make manual adjustments to the data to bring it into compliance with US GAAP or IFRS. In addition, any late-arriving information needs to be incorporated into the consolidated results.
4. Convert currencies – Subsidiaries submit data in their local reporting currency. At the parent, this data must be converted to a single reporting currency to generate results that are meaningful and comparable across the organization. Accounting rules determine the exchange rates to apply for individual accounts; for example, you typically use average rates to convert Income Statement accounts and use closing exchange rates to convert Balance Sheet items.
5. Match, reconcile, and perform eliminations for intercompany data.
6. Perform allocations and calculations, and post consolidation-related adjustments, such as minority interest, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
7. Send out the consolidated financial statements for both internal and external reporting purposes.
